# Blue
First we need to find some information about the system. So we are going to start by opening up nmap to be able to scan  So after running that you should of gotten the number of ports and that should be answer to the second thing needed. This is used so We can find out how open it is and we can level it by how vulnerable it is. In this one it is MS17-01o this vulnerability is marked as arisk level of critical  Now we know how vulnerable it is time to exploit it. For this step we are going to run Metasploit to open the terminal usein the search msfconsole in the terminal and search (MS17–010) You should know  which exploit to use at this point so, let’s run it. Type show options to be able to know which parameter is needed to run as a prerequisite and be able torun the exploit. Once the exploit and the parameters are set, run the exploit  After running the exploit you will see that you have gained the shell of the target machine You did it!! You now need to escalate our privileges in order to perform to administrator-level on the system. First, we need to upgrade our shell to meterpreter as it gives a lot of functionalities as compared to normal shell. For this purpose, we need to search for “POST” exploit it in Metasploit. So, after searching we get the POST Module for our shell to be converted into meterpreter. We need to set the session on which we want our POST to exploit to work, you can list all the active sessions by typing SESSION-1 now select the session by typing SET SESSION #. You need to set the Local Host too, so type LHOST&lt;Ip address> Once all parameters are ready lets run it Now that we have our meterpreter session we can verify the system info by running “getsystem” Run the ps command to make sure all  the processes that are running on the system. There are a lot of processes running as the NT Authority Now let’s go to the PPID and take control of the higher privileged process. Now you should have complete access to the NT Authority system via the migration of higher privileged process. Its time to find the passwords to login using the credentials of the person. Use hash-dump to dump all the hashes from the SAM . From this, you should get the name of the non-default “user1” Now we need to crack the hash of the non-default user to get the password. Use NTLM part for being able to crack it
